# v2.02

### Parallel Asynchronous Archive Get and Configuration Includes

#### Released May 6, 2018

**Bug Fixes:**

- Fix directory syncs running recursively when only the specified directory should be synced. (Reported by Craig A. James.)
- Fix archive-copy throwing path not found error for incr/diff backups. (Reported by yummyliu, Vitaliy Kukharik.)
- Fix failure in manifest build when two or more files in PGDATA are linked to the same directory. (Reported by Vitaliy Kukharik.)
- Fix delta restore failing when a linked file is missing.
- Fix rendering of key/value and list options in help. (Reported by Clinton Adams.)

**Features:**

- Add asynchronous, parallel archive-get. This feature maintains a queue of WAL segments to help reduce latency when PostgreSQL requests a WAL segment with restore_command.
- Add support for additional pgBackRest configuration files in the directory specified by the --config-include-path option. Add --config-path option for overriding the default base path of the --config and --config-include-path option. (Contributed by Cynthia Shang.)
- Add repo-s3-token option to allow temporary credentials tokens to be configured. pgBackRest currently has no way to request new credentials so the entire command (e.g. backup, restore) must complete before the credentials expire. (Contributed by Yogesh Sharma.)

**Improvements:**

- Update the archive-push-queue-max, manifest-save-threshold, and buffer-size options to accept values in KB, MB, GB, TB, or PB where the multiplier is a power of 1024. (Contributed by Cynthia Shang.)
- Make backup/restore path sync more efficient. Scanning the entire directory can be very expensive if there are a lot of small tables. The backup manifest contains the path list so use it to perform syncs instead of scanning the backup/restore path.
- Show command parameters as well as command options in initial info log message.
- Rename archive-queue-max option to archive-push-queue-max to avoid confusion with the new archive-get-queue-max option. The old option name will continue to be accepted.

### Additional Notes

**Documentation Bug Fixes:**

- Update docs with 32-bit support and caveats. 32-bit support was added in v1.26. (Reported by Viorel Tabara.)

**Documentation Improvements:**

- Add monitoring examples using PostgreSQL and jq. (Suggested by Stephen Frost, Brian Faherty.)
- Add example of command section usage to archiving configuration. (Suggested by Christophe Courtois.)
- Remove documentation describing info `--output=json` as experimental.
- Update out-of-date description for the `spool-path` option.

Test Suite Features:

- Use `lcov` for C unit test coverage reporting. Switch from Devel::Cover because it would not report on branch coverage for reports converted from gcov. Incomplete branch coverage for a module now generates an error. Coverage of unit tests is not displayed in the report unless they are incomplete for either statement or branch coverage.
