# v2.01

### Minor Bug Fixes and Improvements

#### Released March 19, 2018

**Bug Fixes:**

- Fix `--target-action` and `--recovery-option` options being reported as invalid when restoring with `--type=immediate`. (Reported by Brad Nicholson.)
- Immediately error when a secure option (e.g. `repo1-s3-key`) is passed on the command line. Since pgBackRest would not pass secure options on to sub-processes an obscure error was thrown. The new error is much clearer and provides hints about how to fix the problem. Update command documentation to omit secure options that cannot be specified on the command-line. (Reported by Brad Nicholson.)
- Fix issue passing `--no-config` to embedded Perl. (Reported by Ibrahim Edib Kokdemir.)
- Fix issue where specifying `log-level-stderr > warn` would cause a local/remote process to error on exit due to output found on stderr when none was expected. The max value for a local/remote process is now error since there is no reason for these processes to emit warnings. (Reported by Clinton Adams.)
- Fix manifest test in the check command when tablespaces are present. (Fixed by Cynthia Shang. Reported by Thomas Flatley.)

**Improvements:**

- Error when multiple arguments are set in the config file for an option that does not accept multiple arguments. (Contributed by Cynthia Shang.)
- Remove extraneous sudo commands from src/Makefile. (Contributed by Adrian Vondendriesch.)

### Additional Notes

**Documentation Improvements:**

- Show index in examples for indexed options, i.e. `repo-*`, `pg-*`. (Suggested by Stephen Frost.)
- Simplify table of contents on command page by only listing commands. (Suggested by Stephen Frost.)
- Remove references to the C library being optional.

**Test Suite Features:**

- Add CentOS/RHEL package builds.
- Use clang for static code analysis. Nothing found initially except for some functions that should have been marked `__noreturn__`.